Add `Notes` section to `HpxMap`,  `HpxNDMap` and `HpxGeom` (#5921)
gammapy/gammapy: docs/user-guide/maps/hpxmap.rst

.. warning::

    Gammapy uses ``NEST`` as default pixel order scheme, while `healpy`

>     functions have ``RING`` as the default (see `here <https://healpy.readthedocs.io/en/1.11.0/index.html>`__).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    functions have ``RING`` as the default (see `here <https://healpy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html>`__).
```
why sticking to 1.11?
